---
title: Common configuration for SSO providers
description: "Set up team sync, default SSO provider for accounts"
group: single-sign-on
toc: true
---

Once you create an SSO provider account in Codefresh, you can:
* Automatically or manually sync the teams created in your Identity Provider (IdP) with Codefresh
* Set a default SSO provider for your account
* Override the account-level SSO provider for specific users


## Syncing teams in IdPs with Codefresh
Team sync synchronizes all users and teams provisioned in the IdP with Codefresh. 

If automatic team sync is enabled for the IdP in Codefresh, you can sync teams:
* Automatically, in the Codefresh UI when you set up the SSO account for the IdP, through the **Auto-sync team** option, if available. 
* Manually, through the Codefresh CLI's [synchronize teams command](https://codefresh-io.github.io/cli/teams/synchronize-teams/){:target="\_blank"}. 

### Team-sync support in Codefresh for IdPs
The table lists the IdPs for which Codefresh supports automated/manual team sync.

{: .table .table-bordered .table-hover}
| Protocol   | IdP     | Team sync    |  
| ---------- | --------------   |--------------|  
|**OIDC**    | Auth0            | -            |
|            | Azure            |            |
|            | Google           | -             |
|            | Keycloak         | -             |
|            | Okta             |            |
|            | OneLogin         | -             |
|**LDAP**    |                  | -             |
|**SAML**    | GSuite           |            |    
|            | JumpCloud        | -             |
|            | Okta             |           |
|            | OneLogin         | -             |
|            | PingID           | -             |



### Automated team-sync

This is the general workflow for automated team-sync in Codefresh:

1. Your IdP adds users to groups, or grants permissions to access the SSO integration.
1. If available for the IdP (SSO) provider in Codefresh, you can either automatically sync via the UI, or manually via the CLI.  
1. Depending on the provider, user accounts are either automatically created or on responding to the email invitations. 
    * If the activate user option is available for the provider, the user account is automatically created and activated. Invitations are not sent or needed.
    * Otherwise, users are sent email invitation. 
      The Users & Teams page display the Pending status for such users. 
      Users can log in using the link in the email or use the Corporate SSO option in the login page.

### Manual team-sync via CLI 

Manually synchronize users and teams provisioned in your IdP through the Codefresh CLI with the `synchronize teams` command.

As an example, you can sync your Azure teams with the CLI: 

```shell
codefresh synchronize teams <my-client-name> -t azure
```
where:  
`<my-client-name>` is the Client Name/Assertion URL/Callback URL that is automatically generated by Codefresh when you save the SSO configuration for your provider.


{% include image.html
lightbox="true"
file="/images/administration/sso/azure/client-name.png"
url="/images/administration/sso/azure/client-name.png"
alt="SSO Client Name"
caption="SSO Client Name"
max-width="40%"
%}



### Team-sync with Codefresh pipelines

Both automated and manual team-syncs are possible only if the option is support for your IdP in Codefresh. 

To implement team-sync also for providers without this option, you can use Codefresh pipelines. 

A pipeline makes it possible to run team-sync periodically as a job. Use the CLI as a [freestyle step]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/pipelines/steps/freestyle/), as in the example below.

You can create a Git repository with a [codefresh.yml]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/pipelines/what-is-the-codefresh-yaml/) file with the following content:

```yaml
version: '1.0'
steps:
  syncMyTeams:
    title: syncTeams
    image: codefresh/cli
    commands:
      - 'codefresh synchronize teams my-client-name -t azure'
```

To fully automate this pipeline, you should set a [cron trigger]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/pipelines/triggers/cron-triggers/) for it. Depending on how you set up your Cron trigger, you can synchronize your teams every day/week/hour. 


### Team-sync and email domain restrictions
If the `Restrict inviting additional users by email address domain` is enabled for your account, manual sync via the CLI or sync via a pipeline, _does not invite new users_ to Codefresh.  
The output of the command will be similar to the following:

```json
[
  {
    "action": "update",
    "teams": [
      {
        "team": "developers",
        "members": [
          {
            "members": [],
            "action": "create"
          }
        ]
      },
      {
        "team": "DevOps",
        "members": [
          {
            "members": [],
            "action": "create"
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

**Turn off the domain restriction**:

1. In the Codefresh UI, click **Settings**.
1. In the sidebar, from Access & Collaboration, select **User & Teams**, and then click the **Security** tab.
1. Turn off **Restrict inviting additional users by email address domain**.
1. Click **Save**.
1. Rerun the CLI sync command.

### Sync GitHub organization teams to Codefresh

As an admin, you may want to sync your GitHub Organization Teams with your Codefresh account. At the same time, you do not want to set up an SSO provider and have the users use any login provider they choose.

The Personal Access Token (PAT) from a user will sync ALL Organizations and ALL Teams to which the user has access. It is recommended to use a "machine" account to access the one organization you need.

1. Create a PAT that has access to read organizations and teams
1. Install and configure the Codefresh CLI

    `codefresh synchronize teams github -t github --tk $GHTOKEN`

1. The sync will invite all users except for those that have private email settings turned on.

Once the initial sync happens, you can set up a cron trigger pipeline to run the command on a schedule.

## Set a default SSO provider for account

If you have multiple SSO providers, you can set one of them as the default provider for your account. 
Setting a default provider assigns the selected SSO automatically to all new users in the account. The link in the email invitation takes them directly to the login page of that SSO provider.

1. In the Codefresh UI, go to [Single Sign-On](https://g.codefresh.io/2.0/account-settings/single-sign-on).
1. From the list, select the SSO account to set as default and click the **Edit** icon on the right.
1. Scroll down and select **Set as default**. 

{% include image.html
lightbox="true"
file="/images/administration/sso/default-sso.png"
url="/images/administration/sso/default-sso.png"
alt="Set default SSO provider for account"
caption="Set default SSO provider for account"
max-width="50%"}

  The Single Sign-on page shows the SSO provider tagged as the default.

{% include image.html
lightbox="true"
file="/images/administration/sso/sso-list-with-default-.png"
url="/images/administration/sso/sso-list-with-default-.png"
alt="Single Sign-on list showing the default SSO provider"
caption="Single Sign-on list showing the default SSO provider"
max-width="60%"}

## Select SSO provider for individual users

You can override the default SSO provider if set for your account, with a different SSO provider for specific users if so required.  
* New users   
  If you have an SSO provider selected as the default, that provider is automatically assigned to new users, added either manually or via team synchronization. 
  You can change the SSO provider later. 

* Existing users  
  SSO login is not configured by default for existing users. You must _explicitly select_ the SSO provider for existing users.  
  If SSO login is already configured for an existing user, and you add a new identity provider, to change the SSO login to the new provider, you must _select_ the new provider for the user. 

1. In the Codefresh UI, on the toolbar, from your avatar dropdown, select **Account Settings**.
1. In the sidebar, from Access & Collaboration, select [**Users & Teams**](https://g.codefresh.io/account-admin/collaborators/users){:target="\_blank"}.   
1. For the user, select the SSO provider from the SSO list.

{% include image.html
lightbox="true"
file="/images/administration/sso/select-user-sso.png"
url="/images/administration/sso/select-user-sso.png"
alt="Selecting a different SSO provider for specific user"
caption="Selecting a different SSO provider for specific user"
max-width="50%"
%}

## Related articles
[Setting up OIDC Federated SSO]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/single-sign-on/oidc)  
[Setting up SAML2 Federated SSO]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/single-sign-on/saml)  



