---
layout: docs
title: "Privacy Policy"
description: ""
group: terms-and-privacy-policy
redirect_from:
  - /docs/privacy-policy
  - /docs/privacy-policy/
toc: true
---
Welcome, and thank you for your interest in CodeFresh, Inc. (“CodeFresh” “us” or “we”) and our Service, as described in the CodeFresh Terms of Service. This Privacy Policy describes the information that we gather from you, how we use and disclose your information, and the steps we take to protect your information. By using or accessing the Site or the Service, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy, and you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifying information, please contact us at privacy@codefresh.io. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the CodeFresh Terms of Service. Capitalized terms that are not defined in the Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the Terms of Service.   __The information that we collect__: **User-provided Information** When you use the Service, you may provide and we may collect what is generally called “personally identifiable” information, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, mobile phone number, demographic information and credit card information. For example, you may provide us with personally identifiable information when you register for an account, use the Service, post Customer Data, or send us customer service related requests.   We collect and store content that you create, input, submit, post, upload, transmit, store or display in the process of using our Site or Service (“**Licensee Content**”). Such Content includes any personal information or other sensitive information that you choose to include ("**incidentally-collected Personal Information**"). **Analytics Information** Analytics information also consists of data we collect as a result of running queries against Licensee Content across our user base for the purposes of generating Usage Data. "Usage Data" is aggregated data about a group or category of services, features or users that does not contain Personal Information. For example, we may query Licensee Content to determine the most common types of workflows that users use by searching for the most common workflow names, or we may query Licensee Content to determine the most popular job titles for users in order to better understand the composition of our user base. Though we may happen upon sensitive or personal information as we compile Usage Data from Licensee Content across user instances, this is a byproduct of our efforts to understand broader patterns and trends. It is not a concerted effort by us to examine the Licensee Content of any particular customer. **“Cookies" Information** We and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user’s movements around the Site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. When you use the Service, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent cookies can be removed. Please review your web browser “Help" file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential. Additionally, we use browser-based local storage to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use Flash cookies and browser-based local storage to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing browser-based local storage. **“Automatically Collected" Information** When you use the Service or open one of our HTML e-mails, we may automatically record certain information from your web browser by using different types of technology, including “clear gifs" or “web beacons.” This “automatically collected" information may include your IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after the Service, the pages you view on the Service, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Service. This information is gathered for all users. **Web Logs:** As is true with most websites and services delivered over the Internet, we gather certain information and store it in log files when you interact with our Sites and Services. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses as well as browser type, internet service provider, URLs of referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, information you search for, locale and language preferences, identification numbers associated with your devices, your mobile carrier, and system configuration information. Occasionally, we connect Personal Information to information gathered in our log files as necessary to improve Services for individual customers. In such a case, we would treat the combined Information in accordance with this privacy policy. **Third Party Web Beacons:** We may also implement third party content that allows the third party content provider to read and write cookies to your browser in connection with your viewing of the third party content on the Service or may otherwise allow such third party to collect information about you. This information is collected directly by the third party, and CodeFresh does not participate in that data transmission. Information collected by a third party in this manner is subject to that third party’s own data collection, use, storage and disclosure policies. **Information from Other Sources:** We may also obtain information from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as our partners or advertisers. We may also, at your direction, receive information from third party services that provide a mechanism to expose information you have provided to such third party through the use of an application program interface (API). If we combine or associate information from other sources with personally identifiable information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By authorizing us to connect with a third party service, you authorize us to access and store your name, email address(es), current city, profile picture URL, and other information that the third party service makes available to us, and to use and disclose it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You should check your privacy settings on these third party services to understand and change the information sent to us through these services __How we use the information we collect:__ Your information is an integral part of our operations, and we used it in a variety of ways in providing the Service and operating our business. For example:

*   We use the information that you provide or that we collect, to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all of the features of the Service.
*   We will use all of the information that you provide and that we collect to understand and analyze the usages trends and preferences of our users, to improve the Service, and to create new features and functionality.
*   We may use your e-mail address or other personal information (a) to contact you for administrative purposes such as customer service, to address intellectual property infringement, right of privacy violations or defamation issues related to your Customer Data posted on the Service or (b) to send you promotional messages related to the Service and the activities of third parties we work with. Generally, you have the ability to opt-out of receiving any such communications, either through links provided in the messages or by updating your account preferences through the Service.
*   We may use “cookies” information and “automatically collected” information to: (a) personalize our services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (b) provide customized third party advertisements, content, and information; (c) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of Service and third party marketing activities; and (d) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.
*   We use information to process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
*   We may use information to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to Services, and other illegal activities;
*   We use information to enable you to communicate, collaborate, and share Licensee Content with users you designate; and for other purposes about which we obtain your consent.

__When we disclose information:__ We will not share or disclose any of your information or Licensee Content with third parties except as described in this policy. We do not sell your information or Licensee Content. We disclose your personally identifiable information in a variety of circumstances in connection with providing the Service and the operation of our business. For example:

*   Any information, including personally identifiable information, that you voluntarily choose to include in a publicly accessible area of the Service will be available to anyone who has access to that content, including other users.
*   Our Site offers publicly accessible community services such as blogs, forums, bug trackers, and wikis. You should be aware that any Licensee Content you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Your posts may remain even after you cancel your account. To request removal of your information from the Site, please contact us using the information listed below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to and why.
*   We work with third party service providers to provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, back-up, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis and other services for us. To the extent it is necessary for these third party service providers to complete their contractual obligations to us, these third parties may have access to or process your information. Generally, these disclosures are made under terms comparable to this policy, and the recipients are limited to using the information the purpose for which it was provided. Some of our pages utilize white-labeling techniques to serve content from our service providers while providing the look and feel of our site. Please be aware that you are providing your Information to these third parties acting on behalf of CodeFresh.
*   You may choose to make use of third party Add-Ons in conjunction with Services. Third party Add-Ons are software written by third parties to which you grant access privileges to Licensee Content (which may include your information). When access is granted, Licensee Content is shared with the third party. Third party Add-On policies and procedures are not controlled by CodeFresh even though the third party Add-On may be available through Services. Third parties who have been granted access to Licensee Content through Add-Ons could use this data to contact you and market services to you, and could share your data with other third parties. This Privacy Policy does not cover the collection or use of your data by third party Add-Ons, and we urge you to consider the privacy policies governing third party Add-Ons. If you object to your Personal Information being shared with these third parties, please uninstall the Add-On or terminate your agreement with the third party Add-On provider (in the event you have purchased a direct integration).
*   We make certain automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information available to third parties, to: (i) comply with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service.
*   We may display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on the Services. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us using the information below.
*   We may also disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or regulations (such as U.S. Copyright law), in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement activity.
*   We may disclose your information if (a) to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of service, (b) to protect the security or integrity of CodeFresh’s products and services, (c) to protect CodeFresh, our customers or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (d) to respond to an emergency which we believe in the good faith requires us to disclose information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person.
*   You may create Licensee Content and grant permission to other users to access it for the purposes of collaboration. Some of the collaboration features of Services display your profile information to users with whom you have shared Licensee Content. Where this information is sensitive, we urge you to use the various security and privacy features of the Services to limit those who can access such information. Your sharing settings may make any Information that you submit to the Services visible to the public, unless submitted to a restricted area.
*   You should be aware that the administrator of your instance of Services may be able to: (a) access information in and about your Services account; (b) access communications history, including file attachments, for your Services account; (c) disclose, restrict, or access information that you have provided or that is made available to you when using your Services account, including Licensee Content; and (d) control how your Services account may be accessed or deleted.

__Your Choices__: You may, of course, decline to share certain personally identifiable information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Service. You may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by accessing your account preferences page through the Service. Please note that while your changes are reflected promptly in active user databases, we may retain all information you submit for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics. You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from CodeFresh by using the unsubscribe link within each email, updating your email preferences within your Service account settings menu, or emailing us to have your contact information removed from our promotional email list or registration database. Although opt-out requests are usually processed immediately, please allow ten (10) business days for a removal request to be processed. Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding the Services. You can opt-out of some notification messages in your account settings. __Opt-Out Policy__ If, at any time after registering, you change your mind about receiving information from us or about the use of information volunteered by you, please send us a request specifying your new choice. Please contact us as specified above. You may also choose to stop receiving our newsletters or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, or by accessing the email preferences in your account settings page. __Bulletin Boards/Chat Rooms__ If you use a bulletin board or chat room on the Site or the Service, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. __Third Party Services__: The Service may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any personally identifiable information you provide on third party sites or services is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Service. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with personally identifiable information. __Social Media Widgets__ The Site and the Service may include social media features, such as the Twitter button, and widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Site or the Service. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.   __Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy__: Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, we do not allow children under 13 years-of-age to use the Service or knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years-of-age, and no part of the Service is directed to persons under 13 years-of-age. If you are under 13 years-of-age, then please do not use or access Service at any time or in any manner. If we learn that personally identifiable information has been collected on the Service from persons under 13 years-of-age and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 13 years-of-age has obtained an account on the Service, then you may alert us at privacy@codefresh.io and request that we delete that child’s personally identifiable information from our systems.   __Our Commitment to Data Security__: We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of your personally identifiable information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. If we learn of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may post a notice through the Service if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach you should notify us at privacy@codefresh.io. __Security__ We take precautions to ensure the security of your personally identifying information. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the PII submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. When you enter your login information on the Service, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). That said, like any hosted service provider, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties or unauthorized personnel will not gain access to your PII despite our efforts. You should note that in using the Site and the Service, your information will travel through third-party infrastructures which are not under our control.   __Privacy Settings__ Although we may allow you to adjust your privacy settings to limit access to your information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that information you post on the Service will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of information that you have posted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored such information. __Accessing and updating your information__ You may often correct, update, amend, or remove your Personal Information in your account settings or by directing your query to your account administrator. You may also contact Support Services, or contact us by postal mail using the address listed below. We will respond to your request for access within 30 days. You can often remove Licensee Content using editing tools associated with that Content. In some cases, you may need to contact your administrator to request they remove the Licensee Content. You can contact us to request removal of Personal Information from the Services. You or your administrator may be able to deactivate your Services account. If you can deactivate your own account, you can most often do so in your account settings. Otherwise, please contact your administrator. To deactivate an organization account, please contact Support Services. To deactivate an account made for you without authorization, please contact us at the contact information below. We will retain your account information for as long as your account is active, or as reasonably useful for commercial purposes or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If your account is managed by an administrator, that account administrator may have control with regards to how your account information is retained and deleted. __International Visitors__: The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended solely for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing, and by providing your personally identifiable information on the Service you consent to that transfer, storage, and processing. __EU and Swiss Safe Harbor__ CodeFresh adheres to the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor program or its applicable replacement. For European Union and Swiss residents, any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your information should be directed to CodeFresh by sending an email to privacy@codefresh.io. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For complaints that cannot be resolved, and consistent with applicable law, we have committed to cooperate with data protection authorities located within Switzerland or the European Union (or their authorized representatives). __In the Event of Merger or Sale:__ In the event that all or a portion of CodeFresh, Inc. or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users in connection with such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In such event you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Site or through the Service of any such change in ownership or uses of your information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your information __Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy__: Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy, which may be revised periodically at our sole discretion, as provided in the CodeFresh Terms of Service. If we modify the Privacy Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision. In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we will notify you of the change by email (sent to the email address specified in your account), or by means of a prominent notice on the Site and/or within the Service when you access the Service for the first time after such material changes are made. Our amended Privacy Policy will automatically take effect 30 days after it is made available through the Service. If you do not agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account and stop using the Service. Your continued use of the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Privacy Policy.   __Our Contact Information:__ Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your personally identifiable information, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by e-mail at privacy@codefresh.io. CodeFresh, Inc. 196 Castro St., Suite A Mountain View, CA 94041
