---
title: "Google Single Sign-On (SSO)"
description: ""
group: single-sign-on
sub_group: oidc
toc: true
---

Set up SSO for Google using OIDC.
For a general overview on OIDC, see [Setting up OIDC Federated SSO]({site.baseurl}}/docs/single-sign-on/oidc).

Set up OIDC SSO for Google in Codefresh by:
1. Creating the client secret in Google
1. Configuring SSO settings for Google in Codefresh
1. Setting up the redirect URI in Google


## Step 1: Create Client Secret in Google

1. Log in to [https://console.developers.google.com/](https://console.developers.google.com/){:target="\_blank"}.
1. From the sidebar, select **Credentials**.
1. Select **Create Credentials**, and from the drop-down, select **OAuth client ID**.
1. Do the following:
  * From the **Application type** drop-down, select **Web application**. 
  * Enter a **Name** for your integration (user-defined).  
  * For **Authorized JavaScript origins**, **URIs**, enter, `https://g.codefresh.io`.   
    
    {% include image.html 
       lightbox="true" 
       file="/images/administration/sso/google/googleSSO.png" 
       url="/images/administration/sso/google/googleSSO.png"
       alt="Creating an OAuth client"
       caption="Creating an OAuth client"
       max-width="70%"
       %}
    
  * Select **Create**. 
  * From the OAUth client created dialog, note down **Your Client ID** and **Your Client Secret**. 

   {% include image.html 
       lightbox="true" 
       file="/images/administration/sso/google/googleSSO2.png" 
       url="/images/administration/sso/google/googleSSO2.png"
       alt="Getting the Client ID and secret"
       caption="Getting the Client ID and secret"
       max-width="70%"
       %}

  You will need the Client ID and secret to configure SSO for Google in Codefresh.

{:start="5"}
1. Continue with [Step 2: Configure SSO settings for Google in Codefresh](#step-2-configure-sso-settings-for-google-in-codefresh).

## Step 2: Configure SSO settings for Google in Codefresh

1. In the Codefresh UI, go to [Single Sign-On](https://g.codefresh.io/2.0/account-settings/single-sign-on){:target="\_blank"}.
1. Select **+ Add Single Sign-On**, **Google**, and then **Next**.


 {% include image.html 
 lightbox="true" 
 file="/images/administration/sso/google/sso-csdp-google.png" 
  url="/images/administration/sso/google/sso-csdp-google.png"
  alt="SSO settings for Google in Codefresh"
  caption="SSO settings for Google in Codefresh"
  max-width="30%"
  %}

{:start="3"}
2. Enter the following: 
  * **Client Name**: For auto-generation, leave empty. Codefresh generates the client name once you save the settings.  
  * **Display Name**: Meaningful name that identifies the SSO provider.
  * **Client ID**: The Client ID generated by Google.  
  * **Client secret**: The Client Secret also generated by Google. 
    
{:start="4"}
1. Select **Save**. Codefresh generates the Client Name. 

  {% include image.html 
  lightbox="true" 
  file="/images/administration/sso/google/autogenerated-name.png" 
  url="/images/administration/sso/google/autogenerated-name.png"
  alt="Getting the auto-generated Client Name"
  caption="Getting the auto-generated Client Name"
  max-width="90%"
  %}

{:start="5"}
1. Note down the Client Name, as you need it to set the redirect URI in Google.
1. Continue with [Step 3: Set up Redirect URI in Google](#step-3-set-up-redirect-uri-in-google).

### Step 3: Set up Redirect URI in Google
1. Go back to the Google Console Developer dashboard, and click the edit button on the OAuth 2.0 Client IDs that you created before.
1. For **Authorized Redirect URIs**, in the **URIs** field, enter the Client Name you noted down to generate the *Authorized Redirect URIs*
  * Example Client Name: `t0nlUJoqQlDv`
  * Example Redirect URI: `https://g.codefresh.io/api/auth/t0nlUJoqQlDv/callback`
  
   {% include image.html 
  lightbox="true" 
  file="/images/administration/sso/google/googleSSO3.png" 
  url="/images/administration/sso/google/googleSSO3.png"
  alt="Redirect URI"
  caption="Redirect URI"
  max-width="30%"
  %}

You have now completed SSO setup for Google via OIDC.

## Synchronize teams via Codefresh CLI

For team/group synchronization you also need a service account. 
In the Codefresh configuration screen there are some optional fields that you can fill, in order to 
get team synchronization via the Codefresh CLI. You need to create a service account and [delegate user and group permissions](https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk/directory/v1/guides/delegation) to it.

1. Create a Service account in Google Console:

 ß{% include image.html 
  lightbox="true" 
  file="/images/administration/sso/google/serviceAccount2.png" 
  url="/images/administration/sso/google/serviceAccount2.png"
  alt="Creating a service account"
  caption="Creating a service account"
  max-width="30%"
  %}

{:start=2"}
1. Delegate from the Google admin console the following permissions:
  * `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/admin.directory.user.readonly`
  * `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/admin.directory.group.readonly`

{:start="3"}
1. For that service account, create a private key in JSON format.
    
  {% include image.html 
     lightbox="true" 
     file="/images/administration/sso/google/serviceAccount3.png" 
     url="/images/administration/sso/google/serviceAccount3.png"
     alt="Creating a JSON key"
     caption="Creating a JSON key"
    max-width="30%"
  %}

{:start="4"}
1. Save the file locally.  
1. Go back to Codefresh, and in the Google SSO settings page, enter the following:
  * `JSON Keyfile`: The contents of the JSON file
  * `Admin email`: The user `admin.google.com`

## Test SSO Connection

Now test the SSO with a test user in a different browser or private/incognito browser to make sure the integration works as it should.

1. In the Codefresh UI, on the toolbar, click the **Settings** icon and then select **Account Settings**.
1. From the sidebar, below Access & Collaboration, select [**Users & Teams**](https://g.codefresh.io/2.0/account-settings/single-sign-on){:target="\_blank"}.   
1. Locate a test user, and from the SSO list, select the integration name to enable SSO for that user.
1. In a different browser or private/incognito browser window use the Corporate option to log in.

## Related articles
[Federated Single Sign-On (SSO) overview]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/single-sign-on/)  
[Setting up OIDC Federated SSO]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/single-sign-on/oidc)  
[Common configuration for SSO providers]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/single-sign-on/team-sync)  