---
title: "Release Notes: September 2024"
description: "Release Notes for Codefresh Pipelines and GitOps"
---
## Features & enhancements

### Pipelines: Sigstore for signing container images

We are excited to announce that Codefresh is at the forefront of the latest developments in container image authenticity and verification! 
By integrating with modern security standards like Sigstore, a trusted authority for signing container images, we provide you with a secure and streamlined solution for signing and verifying container images.

Sigstore offers two signing methods to secure container images: **key-based signing**, the traditional method, and **keyless signing**, which leverages the OpenID Connect (OIDC) protocol. 
Codefresh fully supports both approaches for images generated by Codefresh pipelines.

##### What’s unique about our implementation?
Codefresh removes the complexity by integrating both key-based and keyless signing directly into your pipeline’s build step. This means you can sign container images with minimal configuration, making the entire process seamless and automated.

To initiate the signing process, simply add this attribute in your pipeline’s build step:

```yaml
cosign:
  sign: true
```

##### Key-based signing
Our key-based signing mechanism includes an option for password-based signing, adding an extra layer of security by unlocking the private key with a passphrase.

##### Keyless signing
Keyless signing eliminates the need for long-term private key management by utilizing the OIDC protocol. 
Read all about it in our [blog](https://codefresh.io/blog/securing-containers-oidc/){:target="\_blank"}.

Codefresh is an official OIDC provider, and using Codefresh for keyless signing offers significant benefits:
* Secure authentication  
  Codefresh securely authenticates the pipeline at runtime, ensuring that only authorized pipelines can sign artifacts.

* Unique build identification  
  The Codefresh OIDC provider generates claims that uniquely identify both the pipeline and the build in the issued token, ensuring that each image’s signature is tied to a specific pipeline and build.

* Robust verification 
  External systems can use these embedded claims to confirm the origin and authenticity of the artifact, ensuring the image was signed by a trusted pipeline.

For details, see [Signing container images with Sigstore]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/pipelines/steps/build/#signing-container-images-with-sigstore).






### Pipelines: Enhancements for step-member variables & Boolean properties 
We just rolled out two key updates to give you more control and flexibility in your pipelines.
 
##### Seamless access to step-member variables across parallel steps 

You can now reference step member variables between steps in the same parallel block. No extra work needed to pass information between steps. This update makes it easier to manage complex workflows and share context between parallel steps. 

Here’s an example:

```yaml
main_step:
  type: parallel
  steps:
    first:
      image: alpine
      commands:
        - echo steps.second.name=${{steps.second.name}}
    second:
      image: alpine
      commands:
        - echo steps.first.name=${{steps.first.name}}
```

##### Boolean properties as variables

We also updated properties with Boolean values to fully support variables. This means you can dynamically change the behavior of your pipeline using variables, with properties like `fail_fast`, for example.

Here’s how it works:

```yaml
fail_fast: $VAR
```

### GitOps: Argo CD v2.12 
???


## Bug fixes

##### General 
* Invite text in Welcome screen displays `undefined` instead of the organization name. 

##### Pipelines 
* Expired certificates causes builds to remain in Pending status.
* Pipeline with two triggers starts two builds on commits to the same file/folder instead of one build.
* Pull request push commit trigger for Bitbucket server not supported. 
* `build` step does not work with cross-account ECR. 


##### GitOps 
<!--- * `fullnameOverride` when set in Argo CD Helm chart results in failure to reach service. (CR-cr-25000 Ilya)-->
* Audit log does not show changes made to GitOps permissions. 
* Manual Rollout actions not available in audit log.
* GitOps permissions do not function correctly when attributes are applied.
