

## Connect applications through Product annotations

1. Click the **General** tab, and below Connect Applications copy the annotation to add to the application's manifest.

1. Paste the annotation in the application's manifest:
  1. Click **Product Dashboard**. 
  1. From the context menu of the application (in any Environment), select **Application Info > Go to application**.
  1. Click the **Configuration** tab, and switch to **YAML** mode.
  1. Paste in `metadata.annotations.`

## Connect applications manually
1. Click the **Manage Applications** tab.


## Configure labels for applications

## Define Promotion Flows

1. Click the **Promotion Flows** tab.
1. To add a Promotion Flow for the product, click **Add**.
1. From the list of Promotion Flows, select a predefined Flow for the product. 
1. Define the conditions to match and trigger the Promotion Flow:
  1. **Property**: The property to monitor for changes, based on either the text description associated with the commit message (`commitMessage`), or the commit hash generated by Git (`gitRevision`). 
  1. **Operator**: The operator to apply when matching the Property, based on inclusion or exclusion, with or without wildcards.  
     `In`: Checks if the commit message or Git revision <i>includes</i> the specified value or any value within a set of values.   
     `NotIn`: Checks if the commit message or Git revision <i>does not include</i> the specified value or any value within a set of values.
  1. **Values**: Single or multiple values used to match or exclude Promotion Flows based on the Property and Operator configured. 
  1. To add more trigger conditions, click **Add** and repeat _steps 4.1 through 4.3_.
1. To confirm, click **Add**.
1. If there is more than one Promotion Flow, click ?? and drag to define the priority and order.  

## Define Promotion Settings

1. Click the **Promotion Settings** tab.
1. From the list of Promotion Templates, select a predefined Promotion Template, or select **Inline** and create a new Promotion Template for this product.  
  If you select a predefined Template, the Version and Promotable Properties are populated with the settings already defined.

1. Define the source settings for the application version:
  1. **File**: The name of the file from which to retrieve the version. For example, `chart.yaml`. 
  1. **Path**: The JSON path to the attribute with the value. 
  1. To see the result for any application connected to the product, click **Preview Configuration** and then select an application to see its version. 

1. Define the settings for the Promotable Properties:
  1. **File**: The name of the file with the attributes to promote. For example, `values.yaml`. 
  1. **Paths**: The JSON path or paths to one or more attributes within the file to promote. For example, `$.buslog.image.tag` , `$.ctrlr.image.tag` and `$.flask-ui.image.tag`.
  1. To add more files and paths, click **Add** and define the **File** and **Paths**.
  1. To preview the properties that will be promoted for an application connected to the product, click **Preview Configuration** and then select an application. 