---
title: "Management"
description: ""
group: runtime
toc: true
---


The Runtime page displays all the runtimes installed, their current version, and sync status. You can upgrade runtimes to the latest versions, troubleshoot Git sync and health issues.

### Drill down into a runtime
Click a runtime name to see the list and status of its components.  

  {% include 
	image.html 
	lightbox="true" 
	file="/images/runtime/runtime-list.png" 
	url="/images/runtime/runtime-list.png" 
	alt="Runtime list" 
	caption="Runtime list"
  max-width="70%" 
%}

### Upgrade runtimes
Upgrade existing runtimes to have the latest version of all components. An Update Available notification in the Version column indicates that there are new versions of the runtime. Mouse over and view all the commits in the change logs and then decide if to upgrade.
 
1. Click the name of the runtime to upgrade.
1. On the top-right, select **Upgrade**. 
1. If you have installed the Codefresh CLI, proceed with the runtime upgrade on the lower part of the Install Upgrades panel.

  {% include 
	image.html 
	lightbox="true" 
	file="/images/runtime/component-upgrade.png" 
	url="/images/runtime/rcomponent-upgrade.png" 
	alt="Upgrade runtime" 
	caption="Upgrade runtime"
  max-width="70%" 
%}  


### Troubleshoot health and sync errors 
**Health errors**  

The runtime name prefixed in red indicates a Health error.   
Health errors are generated by Argo CD and by CSDP for runtime components. 


**Sync errors**  

Sync errors are indicated by the Out of sync status in Sync Status column. They are related to discrepancies between the desired and actual state of a runtime component or one of the Git sources associated with the runtime.  



**View errors**  

Drill down to the runtime name, and then select Error Detected to view the errors.


### Uninstall runtimes
Run `[cf runtime uninstall <runtime-name>`


### What to read next
[Manage Git Sources]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/runtime/git-sources/)
