---
title: "Setting Up SAML2 Federated Single Sign-On (SSO)"
description: ""
group: administration
sub_group: single-sign-on
redirect_from:
  - /docs/sso/sso-setup-saml2/
  - /docs/enterprise/single-sign-on/sso-setup-saml2/
toc: true
---

  As IdPs come in all shapes and sizes, the following topic discusses in general what you must do to configure Federated SSO. 
  As you will see in the description below, the person in your organization responsible for managing your IdP will need to interact with Codefresh support team to successfully set up a trust between your IdP and Codefresh SP.

{:.text-secondary}
## Before you set up Federated SSO:
  1. Have your account set up with Codefresh enterprise plan.
  2. Ensure you have a working SAML 2.0 compliant Identity Provider (IdP).
  3. Identify someone in your organization who is familiar with configuring and managing your organization's IdP.
  4. Ensure that your IdP's system clock is synchronized with a reliable time source. If it's not, tokens generated will be unusable and SSO will fail.

{:.text-secondary}
## Summary of Federated SSO Setup

{% include image.html
  lightbox="true"
  file="/images/sso-flow.png"
  url="/images/sso-flow.png"
  alt="sso-flow.png"
  max-width="100%"
%}

{:.text-secondary}
## SAML Attributes

Codefresh expects the following user attributes to be passed through SAML between your Idp and Codefresh SP:
  - User email address
  - User first name
  - User last name
  - User full name
  - User unique ID that isn't subject to change in your identity management environment

{:.text-secondary}
## How does the connection process work?

  {% include image.html
lightbox="true"
file="/images/sso-diagram.png"
url="/images/sso-diagram.png"
alt="sso-diagram.png"
max-width="100%"
  %}

Once Federated SSO has been configured, the process works as follows:

<div class="bd-callout bd-callout-info" markdown="1">
  Note

  Steps 2 to 7 happens in the background and are transparent to the user.
</div>

1. A user logs in to Codefresh and enters their email
2. The user is redirected to Codefresh Service Provider (SP) to initiate SSO
3. The user’s browser is then redirected to the customer IdP
4. Once authenticated by the corporate side, a SAML token is sent to the user’s browser
5. The SAML assertion is then forwarded to Codefresh SP
6. If you are a valid Codefresh user for this SSO connection, an SSO token is returned to the user’s browser
7. The user’s browser then returns a token to Codefresh and access is granted for your account

## Setting Up SAML Integration

Go to your SSO settings by clicking on *Account settings* on the left sidebar in the Codefresh UI and then selecting *Single Sign-on* again from the left sibar (or visit directly [https://g.codefresh.io/account-admin/sso](https://g.codefresh.io/account-admin/sso))

Click the *ADD SINGLE SIGN-ON* button and select SAML from the drop-down

Fill in the fields:

* *Client Name* - leave the field empty and it will get an autogenerated value once you save the settings.
* *Display Name* - any arbitrary name you want to give in this integration.
* *IDP Entry* - The SSO endpoint of your Identity Provider. (Ex: For Azure SAML, this is the Login URL)
* *Application Certificate* - The security certificate of your Identity Provider. Paste the value directly on the field. Do not convert to base64 or any other encoding by hand. (Ex: For Azure SAML, this will be Certificate (Base64) and the value needed is between the -----BEGIN ... and -----END... from the downloaded cert)
* *Assertion URL* - `https://g.codefresh.io/api/auth/<your_codefresh_client_name>/callback​` (where ​<your_codefresh_client_name>​ is taken from the SSO configuration you created on the section above. It was automatically generated by Codefresh after saving the SSO settings).
* *Auto Sync users and teams to Codefresh* - This only works for Google / GSuite SAML integration.  
  When syncing users with custom schema, in the *Sync* field, add the custom schemaName. Otherwise, if you are syncing all users and groups, leave this field empty.
  

Click the *SAVE* button and make sure to note down the `Client Name` that was autogenerated.


Then in the settings of your Identity Provider create a new Service Provider and provide the following:

* *Service Provider SSO Endpoint* - (Assertion consumer service URL) - `https://g.codefresh.io/api/auth/<your_codefresh_client_name>/callback`
* *Service Provider Entity ID* -  ​`g.codefresh.io`

The mandatory fields needed for SAML assertions are:

1. firstName - user first name
1. lastName - user last name
1. email - user email

To configure users sync for SAML IDP you need to do the following:

1. Select a G Suite provider
1. Enable Auto Sync users and teams to Codefresh
1. Set JSON Keyfile, Admin Email and Sync interval

The instructions for getting the JSON Keyfile, and Admin Email are the same as for [Google SSO](https://codefresh.io/docs/docs/administration/single-sign-on/sso-google/#synchronize-teams-with-the-codefresh-cli).

>Notice that these settings are for the SaaS version of Codefresh. For an on-premise Codefresh setup you need to use the URLs that match your installation.

Once everything is finished, you [should test the integration]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/administration/single-sign-on/sso-setup-oauth2/#testing-your-identity-provider). Once it's working, proceed to the next steps that are:

* [Selecting SSO method for collaborators]({{site.baseurl}}/docs/administration/single-sign-on/sso-setup-oauth2/#selecting-sso-method-for-collaborators)

>Notice that Codefresh has an internal cache for SSO configurations and it might take up to five minutes for your changes to take effect.

## OneLogin SAML Setup

1. In OneLogin, go to the [Applications](https://cfsupport.onelogin.com/apps) Section.
1. Select 'Add App' on the top right.
1. Search for 'SAML Custom Connector' (advanced) and select it.
1. Add a Display Name (the rest is optional) and Save.
1. View the SSO Section.
1. Open a New Tab and go to the [Single Sign-On](https://g.codefresh.io/account-admin/sso) settings in Codefresh.
1. In Codefresh, select SAML for the Add Single Sign-On. 
  * Display Name = any arbitrary name you want to give in this integration.
  * IDP Entry = SAML 2.0 Endpoint (HTTP) from the SSO section in OneLogin. 
  * Application Certificate = X.509 Certificate from the SSO section in OneLogin. 
  * Click View Details (preferable open in a new tab).
  * Under X.509 Certificate, click the copy button.
  * Paste the contents into the Application Certificate.
  * Remove the -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- and -----END CERTIFICATE-----.
  * Save.
1. Click edit on the SAML integration we created. 
  * Copy the Assertion URL
1. In OneLogin, view the Configuration section. 
  * Audience (EntityID) = g.codefresh.io
  * Recipient = Assertion URL
  * ACS (Consumer) URL Validator= Assertion URL but in Regex form. View OneLogin's [Setup Page](https://onelogin.service-now.com/support?id=kb_article&sys_id=c89fefdadb2310503de43e043996195a&kb_category=93e869b0db185340d5505eea4b961934) for more info.
  * ACS (Consumer) URL = Assertion URL
  * Login URL = https://g.codefresh.io/login
  * SAML Initiator = Service Provider
  * Save
1. In OneLogin, Go the [Users](https://cfsupport.onelogin.com/users) page.
  * Select the User
  * Go to Applications Section
  * Click the **+** to add
  * Select the SAML App (will show the Display Name from step 7)
  * Click Continue
  * Make sure NameID value = email address
  * Save

> Once the configuration finishes, please test the integration before enabling the SSO for all users.

   
   
 

  
