---
title: "LDAP"
description: "Setting Up LDAP Single Sign-On (SSO)"
group: administration
sub_group: single-sign-on
redirect_from:
  - /docs/enterprise/single-sign-on/sso-ldap/
toc: true
---

To access the SSO configuration at the account level.

1.  Click on your avatar at the top right of the GUI and select *Account settings*.
1. In the new screen, select *Single Sign-on* from the left sidebar.

{% include image.html 
lightbox="true" 
file="/images/administration/sso/add-sso-dropdown.png" 
url="/images/administration/sso/add-sso-dropdown.png"
alt="SSO provider settings"
caption="SSO provider settings"
max-width="70%"
%}

Click the *add single-sign-on* button and select *LDAP* from the drop-down menu.

## LDAP settings

You need to create a user first in your LDAP server that has permissions to search other users. Usually
this user is an LDAP admin.

Make sure also that you know the scope of the search (i.e. where users are located in the LDAP hierarchy).

Once you have that information, fill the fields as shown below:


{% include image.html 
lightbox="true" 
file="/images/administration/sso/ldap/ldap-settings-example.png" 
url="/images/administration/sso/ldap/ldap-settings-example.png"
alt="LDAP settings"
caption="LDAPS settings"
max-width="80%"
%}

* *Client Name* - leave the field empty and it will get an autogenerated value once you save the settings.
* *Display Name* - any arbitrary name you want to give in this integration.
* *Password* - password of the user mentioned in the *Distinguished name* field that will be used to search other users.
* *Server URL* - Codefresh supports both the `ldap` and `ldaps` protocol. You also need a certificate for `ldaps`.
* *Distinguished name* - the username of the user that will search other users in LDAP notation (combination of `cn`, `ou`,`dc`).
* *Search Base* - the scope to search other users in LDAP notation.
* *Search Filter* - the attribute by which the user will be searched on the LDAP server. By default this field is set to `uid`. For the Azure LDAP server, you need to set this field to `sAMAccountName`.
* *Certificate* - the security certificate of the LDAP server. Paste the value directly on the field. Do not convert to base64 or any other encoding by hand. Needed only for `ldaps`. Leave the field empty if you use `ldap`.

Click the *Save* button. LDAP users should now be able to login to Codefresh using LDAP.

Each user that logins into Codefresh must:

1. Have a defined email address in the LDAP server
1. Use an email address that is the same as defined in the LDAP server
1. Use as login information their LDAP email, password and `cn` value of username


